if you're looking for a custom tri-five
to be show ready and fun to drive but a
bell there's just too common and too
cramped this incredible 55 Nomad pro
tour is just what you've been looking
for in 2009 when this nomads owner
decided to turn his car into a no holds
bar Street machine
he contacted Willett motorsports in
Orlando Park Illinois and big money was
spent on a frame-off build that included
a whole roster of modern updates and
hours of bodywork when the build was
close to completion the arrow-straight
panels were covered in a subtle
two-stage jet-black paint job and then
shipped to precision street rods of
machines in Northridge California for
fine-tuning pop the hood and you'll find
an impressive 350 Chevrolet motor that
has been completely outfitted for both
show and go to small chrome air filters
forced the air into two Edelbrock
darshawn performer four-barrel
carburetors that are complete with
polished fuel lines braided hoses and a
fuel pressure gauge an Edelbrock
polished aluminum intake holds an orange
cap points distributor above Taylor
performance plug wires that snaked
around Sanderson cast exhaust manifolds
fresh be built spent a polished AC
compressor and chrome alternator above
Chevy orange pulleys turning a polished
water pump and an updated power steering
pump and a body match be cool aluminum
radiator sits between quick spinning
electric fans in a billet overflow tank
the impressive Chevy orange block
contrasts well to the clean gloss black
engine compartment and details such as
polished aluminum valve covers braided
hoses an Optima gel cell battery and a
body match brake booster add nice
finishing touches
climb inside and you'll find a
completely custom interior featuring
dramatic colors and enough great-looking
trim to keep a small upholstery shop
busy for a couple of weeks covered in
warm beige leather the modern seats are
all-day comfortable and displayed no
wrinkles or annoying creases a custom
console props an Alpine CD player
black-faced Auto gauge gauges a short
shifter in chrome power window switches
on top of light new carpet and above
those seats traditional chrome bows
highlight a tight custom headliner at
the front of the car a traditional
wraparound dash tops a coat of flat
beige and gloss black paint with bowtie
stamp trim a correct Chevrolet AM radio
vintage air climate controls and a
sweet-looking bel air speaker and clock
and a polished 3 spoke steering wheel
sits on a tilt steering column which is
complete with billet stocks with the
speed and handling of a modern car a
plush interior that has plenty of room
to stretch out and a rare head-turning
body this Nomad is the perfect
combination of form and function for
more information on this awesome car and
many others call click or visit RK
motors charlotte calm
you